BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeFault (#621)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FaultInfilling_2JZfahd4z6yxCGa85SabRQ/Documentation.md

> Substance interspersd between the wall surfaces of a discontinuity (JGS) generally, the material occupying the space between joint surfaces, faults, and other rock discontinuitires. The filling material may be clay, gouge, various natural cementaing agents, or alteration products of the adjacent rock.(ASTM, ISRM).

Reviewer: What is JSG, ASTM and ISRM? Please provide complete names or references.

```suggestion
Substance dispersed between the wall surfaces of a discontinuity (JGS) generally, the material occupying the space between joint surfaces, faults, and other rock discontinuities. The filling material may be clay, gouge, various natural cementing agents, or alteration products of the adjacent rock.(ASTM, ISRM).
```
